docs/xm-and-surveys/core-features/email-customization.mdx, before:

---
title: "Email Customization"
description: "Customize the email that is sent to your users!"
icon: "envelope"
---

Email customization is a white-label feature that allows you to customize the email that is sent to your users. You can upload a logo of your company and use it in the email.

<Note>
  This feature is a white-label feature. It is only available for users on paid
  plans or have an enterprise license.
</Note>

## How to Upload a Logo

1. Go to the Organization Settings page.
2. You will see a card called **Email Customization** under the **General** section.

![Email Customization Settings](/images/xm-and-surveys/core-features/email-customization/email-customization-card.webp)

3. Upload a logo of your company.
4. Click on the **Save** button.

![Updated Logo](/images/xm-and-surveys/core-features/email-customization/updated-logo.webp)

## Viewing the Logo in the Email

You can click on the **Send test email** button to get a test email with the logo.

![Email Sample](/images/xm-and-surveys/core-features/email-customization/email-sample.webp)


<Note>
  Only the owner and managers of the organization can modify the logo.
</Note>

## Use Cases

- **White-labeling**: You can use this feature to white-label your emails to your users.
- **Branding**: You can use this feature to add your logo to your emails to increase brand recognition.

Commit message:

docs: add enterprise hint for all EE features in docs (#5000)
Co-authored-by: Johannes <johannes@formbricks.com>

docs/xm-and-surveys/core-features/email-customization.mdx, after:

---
title: "Email Branding"
description: "Branding the emails that are sent to your respondents."
icon: "envelope"
---

Email branding is a white-label feature that allows you to customize the email that is sent to your users. You can upload a logo of your company and use it in the email.

<Note>
  Email branding is part of the Formbricks [Enterprise Edition](/self-hosting/advanced/license).
</Note>
<Info>
  Only the Owner and Managers of the organization can modify the logo.
</Info>

## How to upload a logo

1. Go to the Organization Settings page.
2. You will see a card called **Email Customization** under the **General** section.

![Email Customization Settings](/images/xm-and-surveys/core-features/email-customization/email-customization-card.webp)

3. Upload a logo of your company.
4. Click on the **Save** button.

![Updated Logo](/images/xm-and-surveys/core-features/email-customization/updated-logo.webp)

## Viewing the Logo in the Email

You can click on the **Send test email** button to get a test email with the logo.

![Email Sample](/images/xm-and-surveys/core-features/email-customization/email-sample.webp)

## Use Cases

- **White-labeling**: You can use this feature to white-label your emails to your users.
- **Branding**: You can use this feature to add your logo to your emails to increase brand recognition.
