CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# 🚀 Join the Formbricks Tribe! 🧱

First and foremost, we're absolutely thrilled that you're considering becoming a part of the Formbricks Tribe! 🤗

Discover a myriad of ways to leave your mark on Formbricks — whether it's by squashing bugs, crafting new features, or enhancing our documentation.

## 🐛 Issue Hunters

Did you stumble upon a bug? Encountered a hiccup in deployment? Perhaps you have some user feedback to share? Your quickest route to help us out is by [raising an issue](https://github.com/formbricks/formbricks/issues/new/choose). We're on standby to respond swiftly.

## 💡 Feature Architects

Are you brimming with brilliant ideas? For new features that can elevate Formbricks, create an issue and slap on the "Enhancement" tag. We adore every concept that you throw our way. Just make sure to provide us with the "why" behind your idea. We're all ears!

## 🛠 Crafting Pull Requests

Ready to dive into the code and make a real impact? Here's your path:

1. **Read our Best Practices**: [It takes 5 minutes](https://formbricks.com/docs/developer-docs/contributing/get-started) but will help you save hours 🤓

1. **Fork the Repository:** Fork our repository or use [Gitpod](https://gitpod.io) or use [Github Codespaces](https://github.com/features/codespaces) to get started instantly.

1. **Tweak and Transform:** Work your coding magic and apply your changes.

1. **Pull Request Act:** If you're ready to go, craft a new pull request closely following our PR template 🙏

Would you prefer a chat before you dive into a lot of work? [Github Discussions](https://github.com/formbricks/formbricks/discussions) is your harbor. Share your thoughts, and we'll meet you there with open arms. We're responsive and friendly, promise!

## 🚀 Aspiring Features

If you spot a feature that isn't part of our official plan but could propel Formbricks forward, don't hesitate. Raise it as an enhancement issue, and let us know you're ready to take the lead. We'll be quick to respond.

Together, let's craft the future of Formbricks, making it better, bolder, and more brilliant! 🚀🧱🌟

Commit message:

chore: update epic (#6191)
Co-authored-by: Harsh Bhat <90265455+harshsbhat@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Johannes <johannes@formbricks.com>
Co-authored-by: Piyush Gupta <56182734+gupta-piyush19@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Aditya <162564995+Naidu-4444@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Piyush Gupta <piyushguptaa2z123@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: pandeymangg <anshuman.pandey9999@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Dhruwang Jariwala <67850763+Dhruwang@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Johannes <72809645+jobenjada@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Jakob Schott <154420406+jakobsitory@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Suraj <surajsuthar0067@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Kshitij Sharma <63995641+kshitij-codes@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Dhruwang <dhruwangjariwala18@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Matti Nannt <mail@matthiasnannt.com>

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# 🚀 Join the Formbricks Tribe! 🧱

First and foremost, we're absolutely thrilled that you're considering becoming a part of the Formbricks Tribe! 🤗

Discover a myriad of ways to leave your mark on Formbricks — whether it's by squashing bugs, crafting new features, or enhancing our documentation.

## 🐛 Issue Hunters

Did you stumble upon a bug? Encountered a hiccup in deployment? Perhaps you have some user feedback to share? Your quickest route to help us out is by [raising an issue](https://github.com/formbricks/formbricks/issues/new/choose). We're on standby to respond swiftly.

## 💡 Feature Architects

Are you brimming with brilliant ideas? For new features that can elevate Formbricks, create an issue and slap on the "Enhancement" tag. We adore every concept that you throw our way. Just make sure to provide us with the "why" behind your idea. We're all ears!

## 🛠 Crafting Pull Requests

For the time being, we don't have the capacity to properly facilitate community contributions. It's a lot of engineering attention often spent on issues which don't follow our prioritization, so we've decided to only facilitate community code contributions in rare exceptions in the coming months.

## 🚀 Aspiring Features

If you spot a feature that isn't part of our official plan but could propel Formbricks forward, don't hesitate. Raise it as an enhancement issue, and let us know you're ready to take the lead. We'll be quick to respond.

Together, let's craft the future of Formbricks, making it better, bolder, and more brilliant! 🚀🧱🌟
