docs/xm-and-surveys/surveys/website-app-surveys/recontact.mdx, before:

---
title: "Recontact Options"
description: "Recontact options in Formbricks enable you to manage how often and under what conditions a survey is shown to a user. This feature is crucial for balancing effective feedback collection with a positive user experience by preventing survey fatigue."
icon: "user-check"
---

## When do Recontact Options come into play?

Recontact options are the last layer of the logic that determines if a survey is shown to the current user. The logic goes as follows:

1. Targeting: Does the current user targeted to fill out this survey? If yes...

2. Trigger: Is the survey triggered? If yes...

3. **Recontact Options:** Should the survey be shown (again) to this user? That's dependent on:

- Did the user see any survey recently (meaning, has Global Waiting Time passed)?

- Did the user see this specific survey already?

- How many times did the user see this specific survey already?

- Has the user already responded to this survey?

As you can see, there are a lot of different cases to cover. Let's have a closer look 👇

## Recontact Options

<Note>By default, a survey is shown to each user only once.</Note>

You can adjust the default behavior by modifying the Recontact Options for each survey in the settings:

1. Open the Survey Editor for the survey you want to see & modify the Recontact Options for.

2. Select the Settings Tab.

3. Ensure your Survey type is set to **App Survey**.

![Choose Survey Type as App Survey](/images/xm-and-surveys/surveys/website-app-surveys/recontact/app-survey.webp)

1. Scroll down to the Recontact Options section.

Available Recontact Options include:

- **Show only once**: (default) Displays the survey a single time, regardless of whether it was completed.

- **Until they Submit a Response**: If tareting matches and trigger fires, Formbricks keeps showing the survey until the user submits a response.

- **Keep Showing while Conditions Match**: Always shows the survey while specific conditions are met. Useful for continuous feedback collection, such as in [Docs Feedback Survey](/xm-and-surveys/xm/best-practices/docs-feedback) or the [Feedback Box](/xm-and-surveys/xm/best-practices/feedback-box).

![Choose Recontanct Options for the Survey](/images/xm-and-surveys/surveys/website-app-surveys/recontact/survey-recontact.webp)

## Project-wide Global Waiting Time

The Global Waiting Time is a universal blocker to make sure that no user sees too many surveys. This is particularly helpful when several teams of large organisations use Formbricks at the same time.

<Note>The default Global Waiting Time is set to 7 days.</Note>

To adjust the Global Waiting Time:

1. Visit Formbricks Settings

2. Go to Project Settings

3. Find the **Recontact Waiting Time** section

4. Modify the interval (in days) as needed.

![Formbricks Project-Wide Wait Time](/images/xm-and-surveys/surveys/website-app-surveys/recontact/global-wait-time.webp)

## Overriding Global Waiting Time for a Specific Survey

For specific surveys, you may need to override the default waiting time. Below is how you can do that:

1. In the Survey Editor, access the Settings Tab.

2. Find the Ignore Waiting Time between Surveys toggle under Recontact Options.

3. Enable this toggle to bypass the global setting.

4. Set a custom recontact period:

   - **Always Show Survey**: Displays the survey whenever triggered, ignoring the waiting time.

   - **Wait `X` days before showing this survey again**: Sets a specific interval before the survey can be shown again.

![Ignore Global Waiting Time for a Specific Survey](/images/xm-and-surveys/surveys/website-app-surveys/recontact/ignore-wait-time.webp)

---

Still struggling or is something not working as expected? [Join us in Github Discussions](https://github.com/formbricks/formbricks/discussions) and we'd be glad to assist you!

Commit message:

docs: add enterprise hint for all EE features

docs/xm-and-surveys/surveys/website-app-surveys/recontact.mdx, after:

---
title: "Recontact Options"
description: "Recontact options in Formbricks enable you to manage how often and under what conditions a survey is shown to a user. This feature is crucial for balancing effective feedback collection with a positive user experience by preventing survey fatigue."
icon: "user-check"
---

<Note>
  Contacts, advanced targetting, and user identification are part of the [Enterprise Edition](/self-hosting/advanced/license).
</Note>

## When do Recontact Options come into play?

Recontact options are the last layer of the logic that determines if a survey is shown to the current user. The logic goes as follows:

1. Targeting: Does the current user targeted to fill out this survey? If yes...

2. Trigger: Is the survey triggered? If yes...

3. **Recontact Options:** Should the survey be shown (again) to this user? That's dependent on:

- Did the user see any survey recently (meaning, has Global Waiting Time passed)?

- Did the user see this specific survey already?

- How many times did the user see this specific survey already?

- Has the user already responded to this survey?

As you can see, there are a lot of different cases to cover. Let's have a closer look 👇

## Recontact Options

<Note>By default, a survey is shown to each user only once.</Note>

You can adjust the default behavior by modifying the Recontact Options for each survey in the settings:

1. Open the Survey Editor for the survey you want to see & modify the Recontact Options for.

2. Select the Settings Tab.

3. Ensure your Survey type is set to **App Survey**.

![Choose Survey Type as App Survey](/images/xm-and-surveys/surveys/website-app-surveys/recontact/app-survey.webp)

1. Scroll down to the Recontact Options section.

Available Recontact Options include:

- **Show only once**: (default) Displays the survey a single time, regardless of whether it was completed.

- **Until they Submit a Response**: If tareting matches and trigger fires, Formbricks keeps showing the survey until the user submits a response.

- **Keep Showing while Conditions Match**: Always shows the survey while specific conditions are met. Useful for continuous feedback collection, such as in [Docs Feedback Survey](/xm-and-surveys/xm/best-practices/docs-feedback) or the [Feedback Box](/xm-and-surveys/xm/best-practices/feedback-box).

![Choose Recontanct Options for the Survey](/images/xm-and-surveys/surveys/website-app-surveys/recontact/survey-recontact.webp)

## Project-wide Global Waiting Time

The Global Waiting Time is a universal blocker to make sure that no user sees too many surveys. This is particularly helpful when several teams of large organisations use Formbricks at the same time.

<Note>The default Global Waiting Time is set to 7 days.</Note>

To adjust the Global Waiting Time:

1. Visit Formbricks Settings

2. Go to Project Settings

3. Find the **Recontact Waiting Time** section

4. Modify the interval (in days) as needed.

![Formbricks Project-Wide Wait Time](/images/xm-and-surveys/surveys/website-app-surveys/recontact/global-wait-time.webp)

## Overriding Global Waiting Time for a Specific Survey

For specific surveys, you may need to override the default waiting time. Below is how you can do that:

1. In the Survey Editor, access the Settings Tab.

2. Find the Ignore Waiting Time between Surveys toggle under Recontact Options.

3. Enable this toggle to bypass the global setting.

4. Set a custom recontact period:

   - **Always Show Survey**: Displays the survey whenever triggered, ignoring the waiting time.

   - **Wait `X` days before showing this survey again**: Sets a specific interval before the survey can be shown again.

![Ignore Global Waiting Time for a Specific Survey](/images/xm-and-surveys/surveys/website-app-surveys/recontact/ignore-wait-time.webp)

---

Still struggling or is something not working as expected? [Join us in Github Discussions](https://github.com/formbricks/formbricks/discussions) and we'd be glad to assist you!
