docs/xm-and-surveys/surveys/website-app-surveys/show-survey-to-percent-of-users.mdx, before:

---
title: "Survey % of Users"
description: "Formbricks allows you to display surveys to only a percentage of your targeted users. This is helpful for surveying on public facing website."
icon: "percent"
---

To target specific segments of your audience or manage survey exposure, Formbricks allows you to display surveys to only a random selection of your targeted users.

## How to set up percentage-based visibility

<Steps>
  <Step title="Open settings in survey editor">
    In the Survey Editor, click on the **`Settings`** tab
  </Step>

  <Step title="Find 'Survey Trigger' card">
    Locate the 'Survey Trigger' card in the settings panel
  </Step>

  <Step title="Enable percentage toggle">
    Find and enable the **`Show Survey to % of Users`** toggle
  </Step>

  <Step title="Set percentage">
    Enter the desired percentage (from 0.01% to 100%) of users to whom the survey will be shown

    ![Set percentage](/images/xm-and-surveys/surveys/website-app-surveys/targeting/percentage.webp "Set percentage")
  </Step>
</Steps>

<Note>
  Please note that this feature operates based on mathematical probabilistic
  functions, which may result in slight variations in the exact percentage of
  users who see the survey.
</Note>

### **Example Usage**

For instance, if you want to expose your survey to only half of your targeted user base, simply adjust the slider to show the survey to 50% of your users. This functionality allows you to conduct A/B testing or control the rollout of new surveys to gauge initial reactions before a wider release.

### **Application**

It's effective for:

* **A/B Testing**: Compare different user experiences by showing different surveys or survey variations to different segments of your audience.

* **Gradual Rollouts**: Gradually introduce a new survey to a portion of your users to monitor initial responses and adjust based on feedback before full deployment.

* **Load Management**: Manage server load and response processing by limiting the number of responses collected at any given time.

## **Conclusion**

Using the **Show Survey to % of Users** feature allows for precise control over who sees your Formbricks surveys, making it an invaluable feature for targeted data collection and user experience management. By adjusting survey visibility settings, you can strategically engage segments of your audience, enhance survey testing phases, and optimize overall survey effectiveness.

Commit message:

docs: add enterprise hint for all EE features

docs/xm-and-surveys/surveys/website-app-surveys/show-survey-to-percent-of-users.mdx, after:

---
title: "Survey % of Users"
description: "Formbricks allows you to display surveys to only a percentage of your targeted users. This is helpful for surveying on public facing website."
icon: "percent"
---

<Note>
  Segmenting, advanced targetting, and user identification are part of the [Enterprise Edition](/self-hosting/advanced/license).
</Note>

To target specific segments of your audience or manage survey exposure, Formbricks allows you to display surveys to only a random selection of your targeted users.

## How to set up percentage-based visibility

<Steps>
  <Step title="Open settings in survey editor">
    In the Survey Editor, click on the **`Settings`** tab
  </Step>

  <Step title="Find 'Survey Trigger' card">
    Locate the 'Survey Trigger' card in the settings panel
  </Step>

  <Step title="Enable percentage toggle">
    Find and enable the **`Show Survey to % of Users`** toggle
  </Step>

  <Step title="Set percentage">
    Enter the desired percentage (from 0.01% to 100%) of users to whom the survey will be shown

    ![Set percentage](/images/xm-and-surveys/surveys/website-app-surveys/targeting/percentage.webp "Set percentage")
  </Step>
</Steps>

<Note>
  Please note that this feature operates based on mathematical probabilistic
  functions, which may result in slight variations in the exact percentage of
  users who see the survey.
</Note>

### **Example Usage**

For instance, if you want to expose your survey to only half of your targeted user base, simply adjust the slider to show the survey to 50% of your users. This functionality allows you to conduct A/B testing or control the rollout of new surveys to gauge initial reactions before a wider release.

### **Application**

It's effective for:

* **A/B Testing**: Compare different user experiences by showing different surveys or survey variations to different segments of your audience.

* **Gradual Rollouts**: Gradually introduce a new survey to a portion of your users to monitor initial responses and adjust based on feedback before full deployment.

* **Load Management**: Manage server load and response processing by limiting the number of responses collected at any given time.

## **Conclusion**

Using the **Show Survey to % of Users** feature allows for precise control over who sees your Formbricks surveys, making it an invaluable feature for targeted data collection and user experience management. By adjusting survey visibility settings, you can strategically engage segments of your audience, enhance survey testing phases, and optimize overall survey effectiveness.
