docs/self-hosting/advanced/enterprise-features/audit-logging.mdx, before:

---
title: Audit Logging
sidebarTitle: Audit Logging
description: Enable and use tamper‑evident audit logs for your Formbricks instance.
icon: file-shield
---

import Hint from "@theme/Hint";

Audit logs record **who** did **what**, **when**, **from where**, and **with what outcome** across your Formbricks instance.

---

## Benefits of audit logging

- **Compliance readiness** — Many regulatory frameworks such as GDPR and SOC 2 require immutable records of user activity.
- **Security investigation support** — Audit logs provide clear visibility into user and system actions, helping teams respond quickly and confidently during security incidents.
- **Operational accountability** — Track changes across the system to answer common questions like "_who modified this?_” or "_when was this deleted?_".

---

## Prerequisites

| Requirement | Notes |
|-------------|-------|
| **`redis`** | Used internally to guarantee integrity under concurrency. |
| **Disk space** | Logs are text‑based (~1 KB per event). A modest volume is sufficient for most setups. |

---

## Enabling audit logging

1. Set the following environment variables in your deployment (Docker Compose, Kubernetes, etc.):

```bash title=".env"
# --- Audit logging ---
AUDIT_LOG_ENABLED=1
REDIS_URL=redis://`redis`:6379                   # existing `redis` instance
AUDIT_LOG_GET_USER_IP=1                        # set to 1 to include user IP address in audit logs, 0 to omit (default: 0)
```

2. Redeploy your containers.
3. Confirm you can see audit logs in the output of your containers.

---

## Understanding the log format

Audit logs are **JSON Lines** (one JSON object per line). A typical entry looks like this:

```json
{"timestamp":"2025-05-28T12:34:56Z","action":"webhook.created","actor":{"id":"apiKey_123","type":"api"},"target":{"type":"webhook","id":"wh_456"},"organizationId":"org_789","status":"success","ipAddress":"203.0.113.42","changes":{"url":"https://example.com"},"integrityHash":"…","previousHash":"…"}
```

Key fields:

| Field | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| `timestamp` | ISO‑8601 time of the action |
| `actor` | User or API key responsible |
| `action` | Constant verb‑noun string (`survey.updated`, `login.failed`, …) |
| `target` | The resource affected |
| `status` | `success` or `failure` |
| `changes` | Only the fields that actually changed (sensitive values redacted) |
| `integrityHash` | SHA‑256 hash chaining the entry to the previous one |
| `ipAddress` | (Optional) User IP address, present only if <code>AUDIT_LOG_GET_USER_IP=1</code> |

---

## Additional details

- **Read‑only:** Audit logs are write‑once; avoid granting write access to the log directory.
- **Redacted secrets:** Sensitive fields (e‑mails, access tokens, passwords…) are replaced with `"********"` before being written.
- **Failure events count:** Both successful *and* failed operations are logged.
- **Single source of truth:** The same logs power the `Formbricks` UI and API endpoints.
- **Scope limitation:** For now, **only events triggered inside the `Formbricks` application** are audited. This means:
  - **Embed and Link Surveys** are **not** included in the audit logs.
  - **Survey responses** created via the client API or client-side SDKs are **not** audited.

---

Commit message:

added logs to file delete and survey update on pipeline

docs/self-hosting/advanced/enterprise-features/audit-logging.mdx, after:

---
title: Audit Logging
sidebarTitle: Audit Logging
description: Enable and use tamper‑evident audit logs for your Formbricks instance.
icon: file-shield
---

import Hint from "@theme/Hint";

Audit logs record **who** did **what**, **when**, **from where**, and **with what outcome** across your Formbricks instance.

---

## Benefits of audit logging

- **Compliance readiness** — Many regulatory frameworks such as GDPR and SOC 2 require immutable records of user activity.
- **Security investigation support** — Audit logs provide clear visibility into user and system actions, helping teams respond quickly and confidently during security incidents.
- **Operational accountability** — Track changes across the system to answer common questions like "_who modified this?_” or "_when was this deleted?_".

---

## Prerequisites

| Requirement | Notes |
|-------------|-------|
| **`ENCRYPTION_KEY`** | Required for integrity hashes and authentication logs. Without this key, audit logging will not be available. |
| **`redis`** | Used internally to guarantee integrity under concurrency. |
| **Disk space** | Logs are text‑based (~1 KB per event). A modest volume is sufficient for most setups. |

---

## Enabling audit logging

1. Set the following environment variables in your deployment (Docker Compose, Kubernetes, etc.):

```bash title=".env"
# --- Audit logging ---
AUDIT_LOG_ENABLED=1
ENCRYPTION_KEY=your_encryption_key_here        # required for integrity hashes and authentication logs
REDIS_URL=redis://`redis`:6379                   # existing `redis` instance
AUDIT_LOG_GET_USER_IP=1                        # set to 1 to include user IP address in audit logs, 0 to omit (default: 0)
```

2. Redeploy your containers.
3. Confirm you can see audit logs in the output of your containers.

---

## Understanding the log format

Audit logs are **JSON Lines** (one JSON object per line). A typical entry looks like this:

```json
{"timestamp":"2025-05-28T12:34:56Z","action":"webhook.created","actor":{"id":"apiKey_123","type":"api"},"target":{"type":"webhook","id":"wh_456"},"organizationId":"org_789","status":"success","ipAddress":"203.0.113.42","changes":{"url":"https://example.com"},"integrityHash":"…","previousHash":"…"}
```

Key fields:

| Field | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| `timestamp` | ISO‑8601 time of the action |
| `actor` | User or API key responsible |
| `action` | Constant verb‑noun string (`survey.updated`, `login.failed`, …) |
| `target` | The resource affected |
| `status` | `success` or `failure` |
| `changes` | Only the fields that actually changed (sensitive values redacted) |
| `integrityHash` | SHA‑256 hash chaining the entry to the previous one |
| `ipAddress` | (Optional) User IP address, present only if <code>AUDIT_LOG_GET_USER_IP=1</code> |

---

## Additional details

- **Read‑only:** Audit logs are write‑once; avoid granting write access to the log directory.
- **Redacted secrets:** Sensitive fields (e‑mails, access tokens, passwords…) are replaced with `"********"` before being written.
- **Failure events count:** Both successful *and* failed operations are logged.
- **Single source of truth:** The same logs power the `Formbricks` UI and API endpoints.
- **Scope limitation:** For now, **only events triggered inside the `Formbricks` application** are audited. This means:
  - **Embed and Link Surveys** are **not** included in the audit logs.
  - **Survey responses** created via the client API or client-side SDKs are **not** audited.

---
