docs/xm-and-surveys/surveys/general-features/multi-language-surveys.mdx, before:

---
title: "Multi-language Surveys"
description: "Create surveys that support multiple languages using translations. This helps you reach a diverse audience without making separate surveys for each language. It also simplifies survey creation, delivery, and analysis for multilingual audiences."
icon: "language"
---

How to deliver a specific language depends on the survey type (app or link survey):

- App & Website survey: Set a `language` attribute for the user. [Read this guide for App Surveys](#app-surveys-configuration)

- Link survey: Add a `lang` parameter in the survey URL. [Read this guide for Link Surveys](#link-surveys-configuration)

<iframe
  width="560"
  height="315"
  src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/Vol5zjYIoos?si=bdP2y3uk8-xR0uSD&controls=0"
  title="Formbricks Multi-language Surveys"
  frameborder="0"
  allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture"
  allowfullscreen
/>

---

## Creating a Multi-language Survey

- Open the **Survey Languages** page in the Formbricks settings via the top-right menu:

![Formbricks Home](/images/xm-and-surveys/surveys/general-features/multi-language-surveys/survey-languages-from-home.webp)

- Click on the **Edit languages** button, to add a new language to your survey

![Survey Language Settings](/images/xm-and-surveys/surveys/general-features/multi-language-surveys/survey-languague-settings.webp)

- Select the preferred language from the dropdown and assign an identifier Alias. Click the **Add language** button to add the language to your project.

![Add Multiple Languages to your Project](/images/xm-and-surveys/surveys/general-features/multi-language-surveys/add-languages.webp)

You can come back to this page anytime to add more languages or remove existing ones.

- Now, return to the dashboard to create a new survey or edit an existing one.

![Surveys Home](/images/xm-and-surveys/surveys/general-features/multi-language-surveys/surveys-home.webp)

- In the survey editor, scroll down to the **Multiple Languages** section at the bottom and enable the toggle next to it.

![Enable Multi-language for a survey](/images/xm-and-surveys/surveys/general-features/multi-language-surveys/enable-multi-lang.webp)

- Choose a **Default Language** for your survey.

<Note>Changing the default language will reset all the translations you have made for the survey.</Note>

1. Now, add the languages from the dropdown that you want to support in your survey.

![Enable Multi-language for a survey](/images/xm-and-surveys/surveys/general-features/multi-language-surveys/add-language-in-survey.webp)

1. You can now see the survey in the selected language by clicking on the language dropdown in any of the questions.

![Enable Multi-language for a survey](/images/xm-and-surveys/surveys/general-features/multi-language-surveys/see-survey-in-language.webp)

1. You can now translate all survey content, including questions, options, and button placeholders, into the selected language.

![Enable Multi-language for a survey](/images/xm-and-surveys/surveys/general-features/multi-language-surveys/translate-as-per-language.webp)

1. Once you are done, click on the **Publish** button to save the survey.

## App Surveys Configuration

1. After you setup the Formbricks SDK for your user, you can call the `setLanguage` function with the language code. This can be either the ISO identifier or the Alias you set when creating the language. The `language` attribute makes sure that this user only sees surveys with a translation in this specific language available.

```js javascript
Formbricks.setup({
  environmentId: "<environment-id>",
  appUrl: "<app-url>",
});

Formbricks.setLanguage("de"); // ISO identifier or Alias set when creating language
```

<Note>
  If a user has a language assigned, a survey has multi-language activate and it is missing a translation in
  the language of the user, the survey will not be displayed.
</Note>

1. That's it! Now, users with the language attribute set will see the survey in their preferred language. You can start collecting responses in multiple languages and filter them by language on the summary page.

---

## Link Surveys Configuration

For link surveys, the translation delivery is dependent on the `land` URL parameter.

After publishing the survey, just copy the survey link and append the `lang` query parameter with the language alias you have set.

For example, if you have set the alias for French as `fr`, you can share the survey link as

[`https://your-survey-url.com?lang=fr`](https://your-survey-url.com?lang=fr)

Here are two examples:

- English: [https://app.Formbricks.com/s/clptfos2i1pj516pvhxqyu3bn?lang=en](https://app.Formbricks.com/s/clptfos2i1pj516pvhxqyu3bn?lang=en)

- German: [https://app.Formbricks.com/s/clptfos2i1pj516pvhxqyu3bn?lang=de](https://app.Formbricks.com/s/clptfos2i1pj516pvhxqyu3bn?lang=de)

Without the `lang` parameter, Formbricks will show the survey in the default language you have set.

You can now start collecting responses in multiple languages!

**Can’t figure it out?**: [Get help in Github Discussions](https://github.com/formbricks/formbricks/discussions)

Commit message:

docs: add enterprise hint for all EE features in docs (#5000)
Co-authored-by: Johannes <johannes@formbricks.com>

docs/xm-and-surveys/surveys/general-features/multi-language-surveys.mdx, after:

---
title: "Multi-language Surveys"
description: "Create surveys that support multiple languages using translations. This helps you reach a diverse audience without making separate surveys for each language. It also simplifies survey creation, delivery, and analysis for multilingual audiences."
icon: "language"
---

<Note>Multi-language surveys are part of the Formbricks [Enterprise Edition](/self-hosting/advanced/license)</Note>

How to deliver a specific language depends on the survey type (app or link survey):

- App & Website survey: Set a `language` attribute for the user. [Read this guide for App Surveys](#app-surveys-configuration)

- Link survey: Add a `lang` parameter in the survey URL. [Read this guide for Link Surveys](#link-surveys-configuration)

<iframe
  width="560"
  height="315"
  src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/Vol5zjYIoos?si=bdP2y3uk8-xR0uSD&controls=0"
  title="Formbricks Multi-language Surveys"
  frameborder="0"
  allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture"
  allowfullscreen
/>

---

## Creating a Multi-language Survey

- Open the **Survey Languages** page in the Formbricks settings via the top-right menu:

![Formbricks Home](/images/xm-and-surveys/surveys/general-features/multi-language-surveys/survey-languages-from-home.webp)

- Click on the **Edit languages** button, to add a new language to your survey

![Survey Language Settings](/images/xm-and-surveys/surveys/general-features/multi-language-surveys/survey-languague-settings.webp)

- Select the preferred language from the dropdown and assign an identifier Alias. Click the **Add language** button to add the language to your project.

![Add Multiple Languages to your Project](/images/xm-and-surveys/surveys/general-features/multi-language-surveys/add-languages.webp)

You can come back to this page anytime to add more languages or remove existing ones.

- Now, return to the dashboard to create a new survey or edit an existing one.

![Surveys Home](/images/xm-and-surveys/surveys/general-features/multi-language-surveys/surveys-home.webp)

- In the survey editor, scroll down to the **Multiple Languages** section at the bottom and enable the toggle next to it.

![Enable Multi-language for a survey](/images/xm-and-surveys/surveys/general-features/multi-language-surveys/enable-multi-lang.webp)

- Choose a **Default Language** for your survey.

<Note>Changing the default language will reset all the translations you have made for the survey.</Note>

1. Now, add the languages from the dropdown that you want to support in your survey.

![Enable Multi-language for a survey](/images/xm-and-surveys/surveys/general-features/multi-language-surveys/add-language-in-survey.webp)

1. You can now see the survey in the selected language by clicking on the language dropdown in any of the questions.

![Enable Multi-language for a survey](/images/xm-and-surveys/surveys/general-features/multi-language-surveys/see-survey-in-language.webp)

1. You can now translate all survey content, including questions, options, and button placeholders, into the selected language.

![Enable Multi-language for a survey](/images/xm-and-surveys/surveys/general-features/multi-language-surveys/translate-as-per-language.webp)

1. Once you are done, click on the **Publish** button to save the survey.

## App Surveys Configuration

1. After you setup the Formbricks SDK for your user, you can call the `setLanguage` function with the language code. This can be either the ISO identifier or the Alias you set when creating the language. The `language` attribute makes sure that this user only sees surveys with a translation in this specific language available.

```js javascript
Formbricks.setup({
  environmentId: "<environment-id>",
  appUrl: "<app-url>",
});

Formbricks.setLanguage("de"); // ISO identifier or Alias set when creating language
```

<Note>
  If a user has a language assigned, a survey has multi-language activate and it is missing a translation in
  the language of the user, the survey will not be displayed.
</Note>

1. That's it! Now, users with the language attribute set will see the survey in their preferred language. You can start collecting responses in multiple languages and filter them by language on the summary page.

---

## Link Surveys Configuration

For link surveys, the translation delivery is dependent on the `land` URL parameter.

After publishing the survey, just copy the survey link and append the `lang` query parameter with the language alias you have set.

For example, if you have set the alias for French as `fr`, you can share the survey link as

[`https://your-survey-url.com?lang=fr`](https://your-survey-url.com?lang=fr)

Here are two examples:

- English: [https://app.Formbricks.com/s/clptfos2i1pj516pvhxqyu3bn?lang=en](https://app.Formbricks.com/s/clptfos2i1pj516pvhxqyu3bn?lang=en)

- German: [https://app.Formbricks.com/s/clptfos2i1pj516pvhxqyu3bn?lang=de](https://app.Formbricks.com/s/clptfos2i1pj516pvhxqyu3bn?lang=de)

Without the `lang` parameter, Formbricks will show the survey in the default language you have set.

You can now start collecting responses in multiple languages!

**Can’t figure it out?**: [Get help in Github Discussions](https://github.com/formbricks/formbricks/discussions)
